What zodiac sign is this property?
Could it be the 12 zodiac signs property worth 5 billion?
One billion, yes.
The 12 Chinese zodiac signs
Not only that
Brother Feng still paid in full
What
Did I hear that correctly?
5 billion to pay the full amount
Qiangwei, you weren't fooled by this brat, were you?
Brother Lin Feng swiped the card in front of me
Since Brother Lin Feng has spoken
Caiyun will not be polite then.
I am a little rabbit.
We'll be neighbors from now on.
Okay hahahaha
Today I let this kid install it
Hahaha
Ling Feng is really a man who deserves to be looked at with new eyes after three days of absence.
Come, I toast you
What kind of wine are you toasting?
The wine is gone.
Where is Xiaobao?
I want to buy wine
Xiaowei, today is your birthday
I'll also help you guys out.
You can drink whatever you want on the wine list today.
My treat
Mr. Gao
Mr. Gao is so generous
This money should be spent on practical things.
What's the point of all that vanity?
That's right, we have to be noble in our conduct and work.
Hey master
Can I really order whatever wine is on this wine list?